added tutorial about linear systems (#69)
JuliaIntervals/IntervalLinearAlgebra.jl: docs/src/tutorials/linear_systems.md

# Linear systems

```@contents
Pages = ["linear_systems.md"]
```

This tutorial will show you how to solve linear systems rigorously using `IntervalLinearAlgebra.jl`.
## Solve interval linear systems

> An interval linear system ``\mathbf{Ax}=\mathbf{b}`` is a linear system where ``\mathbf{A}`` and ``\mathbf{b}`` contain intervals. In general, the solution set ``\mathbf{x}`` can have a complex non-convex shape and can thus be hard to characterize exactly (see [this article](../explanations/solution_set.md) for more details). Hence we are interesting in finding an interval box containing ``\mathbf{x}``. In `IntervalLinearAlgebra.jl`, this is achieved through the `solve` function, which gives a handy interface to choose the algorithm and preconditioning mechanism. The syntax to call solve is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An interval linear system ``\mathbf{Ax}=\mathbf{b}`` is a linear system where ``\mathbf{A}`` and ``\mathbf{b}`` contain intervals. In general, the solution set ``\mathbf{x}`` can have a complex non-convex shape and can thus be hard to characterize exactly (see [this article](../explanations/solution_set.md) for more details). Hence we are interested in finding an interval box containing ``\mathbf{x}``. In `IntervalLinearAlgebra.jl`, this is achieved through the `solve` function, which gives a handy interface to choose the algorithm and preconditioning mechanism. The syntax to call solve is 
```

### Preconditioning

The supported preconditioning mechanisms are

- [`NoPrecondition`](@ref)
- [`InverseMidpoint`](@ref)
- [`InverseDiagonalMidpoint`](@ref)
  
If preconditioning is not specified, then an heuristic strategy based on the type of matrix and solver is used to choose the preconditioning. The strategy is discussed at the end of the [preconditioning tutorial](../explanations/preconditioning.md).

### Examples

We now demonstrate a few examples using the solve function, these examples are taken from [[HOR19]](@ref).

```@example ils
using IntervalLinearAlgebra

A = [4..6 -1..1 -1..1 -1..1;-1..1 -6.. -4 -1..1 -1..1;-1..1 -1..1 9..11 -1..1;-1..1 -1..1 -1..1 -11.. -9]
```

```@example ils
b = [-2..4, 1..8, -4..10, 2..12]
```

```@example ils
solve(A, b, HansenBliekRohn())
```

```@example ils
solve(A, b, GaussianElimination())
```

```@example ils
solve(A, b, GaussSeidel())
```

> For iterative methods, an additional optional parameter `X0` representing the initial enclosure can be given. If not given, a rough initial enclosure is computed using the [`enclose`](@ref) function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For iterative methods, an additional optional parameter `X0` representing an initial guess for the solution's enclosure can be given. If not given, a rough initial enclosure is computed using the [`enclose`](@ref) function.
```

```@example ils
X0 = fill(-5..5, 4)
solve(A, b, GaussSeidel(), InverseMidpoint(), X0)
```

## Verify real linear systems

`IntervalLinearAlgebra.jl` also offers functionalities to solve real linear systems rigorously. It is of course possible to just convert the real system to an interval system and use the methods described above. In this situation, however, the system will have the property where the diameters of the intervals will be very small (zero or a few floating point units). To solve these kind of systems, it can be more efficient to use the *epsilon inflation* method [[RUM10]](@ref), especially for bigger matrices. Here is an example

```@example ils
A = [1.0 2;3 4]
```

```@example ils
b = [3, 7]
```

the real linear system ``Ax=b`` can now be solved *rigorously* using the [`epsilon_inflation`](@ref) function.

```@example ils
x, cert = epsilon_inflation(A, b)
@show cert
x
```

> This function returns two values an interval vector `x` and a boolean certificate `cert`. If `cert==true` then `x` is guaranteed to be an enclosure of the real linear system `Ax=b`. If `cert == false` then the algorithm could not verify that the enclosure is rigorous, i.e. it may or may not contain the true solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function returns two values: an interval vector `x` and a boolean certificate `cert`. If `cert==true` then `x` is guaranteed to be an enclosure of the real linear system `Ax=b`. If `cert == false` then the algorithm could not verify that the enclosure is rigorous, i.e. it may or may not contain the true solution.
```

> In the following example the epsilon inflation returns a non-rigorous bound

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example the epsilon inflation method returns a non-rigorous bound
```

```@example ils
A1 = [1..1+1e-16 2;3 4]
x1, cert = epsilon_inflation(A1, b)
@show cert
x1
```

> that's because the matrix `A1` is non-regular (it contains the matrix ``\begin{bmatrix}1&2\\3&4\end{bmatrix}`` which is singluar) and in this case the solution set is unbounded, hence the algorithm could not prove (rightly) that `x1` is an enclosure of the true solution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the matrix `A1` is non-regular (it contains the matrix ``\begin{bmatrix}1&2\\3&4\end{bmatrix}`` which is singluar), the solution set is unbounded, hence the algorithm could not prove (rightly) that `x1` is an enclosure of the true solution. 
```
